1.OSINT-(OPEN SOURCE INTELLIGENCE) 
The first step in a penetration test or an attack is information collection using OSINT. This is the art 
of collecting information from public sources, particularly through the internet. The amount of 
available information is considerable—most intelligence and military organizations are actively 
engaged in OSINT activities to collect information about their targets, and to guard against data 
leakage about them. 
OSINT can be divided into two types: offensive and defensive.  
Offensive deals with harvesting all the data that is required to prepare an attack on the target.  
Defensive is the art of collecting the data of previous breaches and any other security incidents 
relevant to the target that can be utilized to defend or protect themselves 
2.Gather domain information 
We will utilize the sublist3r tool to perform domain harvesting. This tool is not preinstalled in Kali 
Linux; however, it can be installed by running: 
sudo apt install sublist3r  
This tool is written in Python, which will enumerate the sub-domains of a primary domain using the 
OSINT techniques. 
It utilizes APIs such as the Google, Bing, Baidu, and ASK search engines. Additionally, it also performs 
searches in NetCraft, VirusTotal, Threatcrowd, DNSDumpster, and ReverseDNS, while also 
performing DNS brute force using a specific wordlist. 
Once the tool is installed, attackers can run the following command to search for sub-domains in 
the Bing search engine. 

==> sudo sublist3r -d ourtargetcompany.com -t 3 -e bing  

3. OSRFramework  
OSRFramework is a tool designed by i3visio to perform opensource threat intelligence as a 
web interface with consoles such as OSRFConsole. To install this framework, install pip3 by 
running: 

==> sudo apt install python3-pip 

Finally, the OSRFramework tool can be installed directly through pip3 by running command 
in the same terminal: 
==> sudo pip3 install osrframework
==> pip install osrframwork --user
==> sudo usufy.py -n aliabhatt

mailfy: This identifies a keyword and adds the email domains to the end of the keyword, 
while automatically searching in haveibeenpawned.com with an API call:
==> sudo mailfy -n cyberhia
==> sudo searchfy -q "cyberhia"


4.Web Archives 
When something is deleted from the internet, it is not necessarily completely deleted from 
everywhere. Every page that is visited by Google is backed up as a snapshot in Google’s cache 
servers.The following link is the second level used after the google cache when harvesting past data 
https://web.archive.org/web/. 
Following Figure is a screenshot of cyberhia.com in the WayBack Machine, as of 24 March 2018: 
Cached page for cyberhia.com as of March 2018 Google Cache, Wayback Machine, and the live 
version of any given domain can be accessed directly by visiting https://cachedviews.com/. 
5. Scraping  
a)Gathering usernames and email addresses  
A technique that attackers utilize to extract a large number of datasets from websites, whereby the 
extracted data is stored locally in a filesystem, is called scraping, or web scraping. In the following 
section, we will utilize some of the most commonly used tools in Kali Linux to perform scraping. 
theHarvester is a Python script that searches through popular search engines and other sites for 
email addresses, hosts, and subdomains.

==> sudo theHarvester -d facebook.com -l 100 -b google
